REPORT

Things I did at IBM: gsa-client, migration from gitlab to github, computer
vision, Apple TV, video production, 3d printing, general support, specialized
support, 3d modelling

Things I learned: UNIX-based operating systems, CLI, chef, ruby, some python and
OpenCV, deep learning, blockchain, IoT.

My tenure at IBM Research Australia lasted from July to December 2016. I was
taken on as an intern for the Infrastructure, Services, and Technologies team
for the IBM Research Lab in Carlton. Throughout my time in this time, I worked
on a range of different projects, as well as learned quite a bit about the work
being performed at the lab.

One of my very first projects was to assist the team in migrating their repositories from one version control platform (gitlab) to
another (github). In doing so, I learned about version control using git as well
as to handle dependencies within code, as some parts of the repositories had to
be altered to make them compatible with the new version control platform. I also
attempted to assist another group within the lab, specifically the retinal imaging
team, in one of their projects – to clean up their collection of stereoscopic
retinal images by removing dust from the camera. However, this project turned
out to be very time consuming and I was forced to abandon it in favour of my
responsibilities within my team.

From that point on, I was given the responsibility to create a client for users
to authenticate against GSA, a file storage system based around NFS on UNIX
systems. In the process of creating this piece of software, I gained knowledge of
UNIX systems (specifically RedHat and Debian-based systems), as well as the
programming language Ruby and a DevOps automation framework known as Chef, which are
the tools I used to write the software. Initially, the software's scope was limited
to RedHat/CentOS based environments, but its functionality was soon expanded, and
with the help of my team members, I was able to create a piece of software that
could contribute real value to the lab and to the team.
